about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
icon: user
---

<img class="profile-pic" src="/assets/images/profile_photo.png">

Hi, I'm Bo. I am a software developer / bioinformatics scientist at a San Diego based biotech start-up. I build scalable high performance software in signal processing pipelines of molecular diagnostic instruments. I previously worked at Illumina, building algorithms and softwares for DNA sequencers.

I studied dynamic systems, optimization and process control of these systems - I wrote some papers on dynamic time warping, feature engineering for building large and robust ML models on process systems, and proposed several novel regression and classifiation model algorithms that deal with model degradation and uncertainty. For further details, visit my [Google Scholar page 🧑🏻‍🎓](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=-4OgD_EAAAAJ&hl=en&authuser=1). 

I am passionate about tech, computer science, and various geeky topics. In my spare time, I enjoy learning about new technology, build web apps and taking landscape photos.

I started this blog to try to document my curiosities into various CS related topics in a little bit more structured format. I also wanted to take this opportunity to improve my technical writing. If you have any feedback on any of the work here, they are very much appreciated.

Commit message:

Polish about page and add xkcd poster to Bayesian screening post
- Rewrite about page with updated bio, blog series links, no company names
- Add xkcd-style infographic as conclusion to Bayesian cancer screening post
- Consolidate footnotes and series links

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
icon: user
---

<img class="profile-pic" src="/assets/images/profile_photo.png">

Hi, I'm Bo. I work on deep learning and signal processing for DNA sequencers — the kind of software that turns raw fluorescence images into genomic data in real time. Before this, I built and led a computational team at an early-stage molecular assay platform startup, and spent five years developing super-resolution and basecalling algorithms for high-throughput sequencing instruments.

My background is in chemical engineering (Ph.D. from UT Austin, B.Sc. from the University of Alberta with a CS minor). My research was in machine learning for process control — dynamic time warping, fault detection, adaptive models — which led me to industrial data engineering before I pivoted to genomics. Along the way I've published a dozen journal papers and filed ten patents, mostly in image analysis and sequencing algorithms. You can find the full list on my [Google Scholar page](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=-4OgD_EAAAAJ&hl=en&authuser=1).

I learn best by building things from scratch and then writing about them. That's how this blog ended up with a [5-part series on building a deep learning framework](/deep-learning-scratch-part1-tensors/), a [visual guide to XGBoost internals](/xgboost-visual-guide-part1-theory/), an [autodiff engine in Rust](/autodiff-rust-part1-graphs/), and a deep dive into [the science of cancer screening](/cancer-testing-landscape/). The topics jump around — C++ template metaprogramming one month, Bayesian statistics the next — but the thread is always the same: pick something I don't fully understand, dig until I do, and write it up clearly enough that it sticks.

If you have feedback on anything here, I'd genuinely like to hear it.
